so it's like Friday afternoon car needs
a good wash as you can see little bit
dirty
hopefully will be slightly cleaner on a
minute so I thought I'd come down and
get it washed and before that let's do
it bring it on
and the car gets soapy have to been
spray oh yeah like a snow machine
working your pressure washer there sweet
Jesus look at the phone Oh year so first
of all sprays your wheels secondly
sprays it with some sort of uh no wax or
tar remover or something I'm being
pressure washers now I get all the
off the side of this cars you've seen
before I'm not sure what pressure that's
pumping out but it's pretty bad for us
as things like that live right in the
car to fix there are getting me a little
bit soapy now ask the shore get a bit
sloppy in here lots of soap going on
and the cow smithy
now the next thing to do is they'll give
it a good sponge over and rub the soap
on to try and get familiar with the dirt
off with a hand the hand sponge and then
it will be blasted again with the
pressure washer to rinse it off they'll
squeegee it you guys you can cease
rubbing it now she said and after that
I'm gonna hop out so I have the inside
of it as well and balance it inside so
they polish everything and it smells
great get a new air freshener all that
sort of stuff given up already got one
so their pressure washing all the soap
off now or the
okay 60s all nice and clean in
comparison her walls much better it's
cool be carwash
yes american-sized now so overall that
say I'm pretty happy with the washed
advocacy from Corby hand car wash &
thanks for watching guys I'll see you
later bye